README.md, before:

# How To Create Dynamic Forms in Angular

This code is part of the my article [Creating Dynamic Forms in Angular: A Step-by-Step Guide](https://www.danywalls.com/creating-dynamic-forms-in-angular-a-step-by-step-guide). In the guide, I explain how to create a dynamic form using **Angular 19** and Reactive Forms, starting from a simple scenario to other cases suggested by the community.

## Features

- Dynamic form generation based on JSON configuration
- Support for various input types (Text, Number, Date, Radio, Checkbox, Select)
- Validation integration
- Updated to **Angular 19**

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (Latest LTS version recommended)
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/danywalls/dynamic-forms.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```bash
   cd dynamic-forms
   ```
3. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

### Running the Application

Run the development server:

```bash
npm start
```

Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

### Running Tests

Run the unit tests with Vitest:

```bash
npm test
```

This project uses **Vitest** and **Angular Testing Library** for fast and reliable unit testing.

## Acknowledgments

I want to say thanks to everyone who voted a star and helped to improve this article to help other developers solve a common task for every Angular developer.

Feel free to checkout the code or run in StackBlitz.

[![Open in StackBlitz](https://developer.stackblitz.com/img/open_in_stackblitz.svg)](https://stackblitz.com/github/danywalls/dynamic-forms)

Commit message:

feat: Upgrade Angular to v20 and migrate to standalone components.

README.md, after:

# How To Create Dynamic Forms in Angular

This code is part of the my article [Creating Dynamic Forms in Angular: A Step-by-Step Guide](https://www.danywalls.com/creating-dynamic-forms-in-angular-a-step-by-step-guide). In the guide, I explain how to create a dynamic form using **Angular 20** and Reactive Forms, starting from a simple scenario to other cases suggested by the community.

## Features

- Dynamic form generation based on JSON configuration
- Support for various input types (Text, Number, Date, Radio, Checkbox, Select)
- Validation integration
- **Updated to Angular 20**
- **Fully standalone components architecture** (no NgModules)

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (Latest LTS version recommended)
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/danywalls/dynamic-forms.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```bash
   cd dynamic-forms
   ```
3. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

### Running the Application

Run the development server:

```bash
npm start
```

Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

### Running Tests

Run the unit tests with Vitest:

```bash
npm test
```

This project uses **Vitest** and **Angular Testing Library** for fast and reliable unit testing.

## Acknowledgments

I want to say thanks to everyone who voted a star and helped to improve this article to help other developers solve a common task for every Angular developer.

Feel free to checkout the code or run in StackBlitz.

[![Open in StackBlitz](https://developer.stackblitz.com/img/open_in_stackblitz.svg)](https://stackblitz.com/github/danywalls/dynamic-forms)
